Flexbox

2 axes row and column
row horizontal, column vertical
-for positioning inside the content to cleanher layout of the page
-nested - container in container
-activity

What is Css

layout model that allows elements to align and distribute space betweern elems width and height. It compressed code

layout methods - block, inline, inline-block
flexbox elems are flexible to shrink for smaller space or fill additional space


Why learn

simple layout reqs
vertically centering elements
marginL auto - 

display: flex;
flex-grow: 1; - takes the space left for that particular item or splits available split between elements applied to
justify-content: space-around align main direction and gives space
align-items: start - vertical center
justify-content: aligns horizontally
flex-direction row: Items are placed the same as the text direction.
row-reverse: Items are placed opposite to the text direction.
column: Items are placed top to bottom.
column-reverse: Items are placed bottom to top.

Sometimes reversing the row or column order of a container is not enough. In these cases, we can apply the order property to individual items. By default, items have a value of 0, but we can use this property to also set it to a positive or negative integer value (-2, -1, 0, 1, 2).

Use the order property to reorder the frogs according to their lilypads.

Another property you can apply to individual items is align-self. This property accepts the same values as align-items and its value for the specific item.

Oh no! The frogs are all squeezed onto a single row of lilypads. Spread them out using the flex-wrap property, which accepts the following values:

nowrap: Every item is fit to a single line.
wrap: Items wrap around to additional lines.
wrap-reverse: Items wrap around to additional lines in reverse.

The two properties flex-direction and flex-wrap are used so often together that the shorthand property flex-flow was created to combine them. This shorthand property accepts the value of the two properties separated by a space.

For example, you can use flex-flow: row wrap to set rows and wrap them.

Try using flex-flow to repeat the previous level.

https://codepen.io/matt-boisseau/pen/zYqVaxv - flex container demo
https://yoksel.github.io/flex-cheatsheet/#section-flex-grow
https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/
https://flexboxfroggy.com/